Update migrate docs (#2569)
irisnet/irishub: docs/migration/README.md

## 4. Migrate privkey file

> Migrate privkey file with irishub v1.0.0,There are two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate privkey file with irishub v1.0.0, There are two ways:
```

- Rename file

    ```bash
    mv [v0.16_node_home]/config/priv_validator.json [v1.0.0_node_home]/config/priv_validator_key.json
    ```

- Use script

    ```bash
    go run migrate/scripts/privValUpgrade.go [v0.16_node_home]/config/priv_validator.json [v1.0.0_node_home]/config/priv_validator_key.json [v1.0.0_node_home]/data/priv_validator_state.json
    ```

> **If you are using kms deployment node, please upgrade kms first, and then modify the relevant configuration, please refer to the [document](../tools/kms.md) for details**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you are using kms deployment node, please upgrade tmkms first, and then modify the relevant configuration, please refer to the [kms](../tools/kms.md) for details**
```

## 4. Migrate privkey file

Migrate privkey file with irishub v1.0.1.

- KMS user

> If you are using kms deployment node, please upgrade `tmkms` first, and then modify the relevant configuration, please refer to the [kms](../tools/kms.md) for details

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If you are using KMS to deploy node, please upgrade `tmkms` first, and then modify the relevant configuration. Please refer to the [kms](../tools/kms.md) for details
```

- Not KMS user

> If you do not use kms to deploy nodes, and the node configuration file exists, you can use the following two ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

If you are not using KMS to deploy node, and the node configuration file exists, you can use either one of the following two ways:
```
